Update getting-started.mdx (#239)
gnosisguild/zodiac-modifier-roles: packages/docs/pages/sdk/getting-started.mdx

This example lists the [DAI contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x6b175474e89094c44da98b954eedeac495271d0f) on Ethereum mainnet.
The object under the `contracts` field should generally list the identifiers of all chains you plan to target.
For each chain entry, you can define arbitrary object structures with addresses stored at the leave values.

**For custom chain configurations:** refer to the [eth-sdk docs](https://github.com/dethcrypto/eth-sdk#configuration) for a complete overview of the available configuration options.

## Generate allow kit

Now, and after any update to the `eth-sdk/config.ts` file, make sure to run the following command:

```bash
yarn eth-sdk
```

This command will fetch the ABIs of the contracts listed in the config file and generate TypeScript types for them directly into your node_modules.
If the ABI of any listed contract cannot be fetched automatically, the command will return an error code.

> In that case, you need to manually create a JSON file with the ABI at a location inside `eth-sdk/abi` matching the full name of the contract in the `eth-sdk/config.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, you need to manually create a JSON file with the ABI at a location inside `eth-sdk/abi` matching the path of the contract in the `eth-sdk/config.ts` file.
```
